Docs - Develop - Organize examples (#1228)
iotaledger/iota.rs: documentation/docs/libraries/nodejs/how_to/_run_how_tos.mdx

existing [`.env.example`](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/blob/develop/bindings/nodejs/.env.example) file. You can
do this running the following command from the `bindings/nodejs` directory:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

### Build All the Examples

Since the [examples](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/tree/develop/bindings/nodejs/examples) are written in
TypeScript, they first need to be compiled to JavaScript, before you can run them. To do this run the following command
in the [examples folder](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/tree/develop/bindings/nodejs/examples) :

```bash
npm run build
```

After you have run this command, you should have a newly create `dist` folder within the `examples` folder with all the
compiled examples.

### Build a Single Example

You can also use `tsc exampleName.js` from the `examples` folder to compile a specific example.

## Run the Examples

To run any Node.js example, you need to select any of the
[Node.js examples](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/tree/dev/bindings/nodejs/examples) and run it with your local

> Node.js interpreter. The following snippet runs `00_mnemonic.js` from the project root:
> 
> ```bash
> node bindings/nodejs/examples/dist/01_mnemonic.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node.js interpreter. The following snippet runs `00_get_info.js` from the project root:

```bash
node bindings/nodejs/examples/dist/00_get_info.js
```
